       A Human–LLM Teaming Framework for Privacy Risk Analysis: An
               Illustration with CBDC-Based Welfare Schemes

         Sourya Joyee De (Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, India; Email:
                                        sourya@iitk.ac.in)
  Abdessamad Imine (Université de Lorraine, , CNRS, Inria, LORIA F-54000 Nancy,
                         France; Email: abdessamad.imine@loria.fr)
Abstract: Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC)-based welfare schemes may be potentially
   privacy invasive as they process significant volumes of beneficiary personal data and lead
   to privacy harms such as surveillance, discrimination and stigmatization. Such welfare
   delivery schemes involve complex digital ecosystems and large number of stakeholders.
   Consequently, to examine their privacy risks, privacy risk assessments require extensive
   information gathering and synthesis, complex reasoning, scenario explorations, contextual
   evaluation and human judgement. Thus, they present ideal scenarios for human-LLM
   teaming, where effective integration of complementary human and LLM capabilities can
   yield an outcome far superior to either human-only or LLM-only assessments. In this paper,
   we propose a first human–LLM teaming framework for the systematic privacy risk analysis
   methodology called PRIAM. The framework specifies an iterative collaborative process in
   which the LLM processes large-scale documentary evidence to produce initial outputs,
   which are then interpreted and evaluated by human experts who direct their further
   refinement by the LLM and exercise their judgement to finalize the output. We illustrate
   the framework on the data characterization activity of PRIAM using a CBDC-based welfare
   scheme use case. The illustration demonstrates that while LLMs generate the initial data
   categories and assign initial values to data attributes, human experts evaluate and provide
   feedback to refine them, distinguishing documented evidence from inferences, identifying
   information gaps, and flagging unsupported or ambiguous outputs. This framework serves
   as a foundational contribution towards human-AI teaming for privacy risk assessments.

1. Introduction
Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC), a digital counterpart of government-backed fiat
money, has opened a new avenue for delivering efficient, targeted and accountable digital
welfare. The Reserve Bank of India has conducted multiple pilots for welfare schemes linked
to India’s CBDC, eRupee, across its states and union territories, such as Gujarat, Puducherry,
and Chandigarh, where beneficiaries receive food subsidies in digital rupee.1 Features of
eRupee, such as traceability, programmability, and the availability of detailed transaction
records, enhance the targeting and accountability of these welfare schemes, yet pose potentially
severe privacy risks, including financial and behavioural profiling, surveillance, stigmatization,
and discrimination against beneficiaries. Programmability, for example, allows the sponsoring
entity to ensure that beneficiaries use allocated funds for a specific purpose, preventing
misuse2, but may also enable reconstruction of transaction history and inferences about


1
    RBI Expands Digital Rupee Use for Welfare and Cross-Border Payments, ETBFSI
2
    DigitalRupee09012025.pdf
beneficiaries' economic circumstances. Comprehensively identifying these privacy risks
requires a privacy risk assessment that systematically examines the data processed, the digital
infrastructure, and the stakeholders involved to identify potential weaknesses in implemented
data protection mechanisms and entities that could exploit them, resulting in unacceptable
privacy incidents and harms. However, applying privacy risk analysis (PRA) methodologies in
a complex digital ecosystem, such as CBDC-based welfare schemes, necessitates substantial
information gathering, synthesis, risk exploration and scenario analysis (Mollaeefar et al.,
2025; Bissoli et al., 2026). PRAs are resource-intensive, error-prone, and heavily dependent on
expert knowledge and experience (Mollaeefar et al., 2025; Bissoli et al., 2026). Large
Language Models (LLMs) offer capabilities to augment various activities within PRAs through
large-scale data gathering and synthesis, relational reasoning, scenario generation and
exploration of risks and mitigation strategies. However, the outcomes of PRA exercises have
significant human rights and legal implications. Thus, PRA methodologies such as PRIAM (De
& Le Métayer, 2016) continue to require human oversight and present an ideal case for human-
LLM teaming, in which human intuition and contextual knowledge complement the
computational capabilities and data processing power of AI.
Drawing on Complementary Team Performance (CTP) theory (Hemmer et al., 2025), we
envision that the performance of PRAs can significantly improve when LLM capabilities and
human expertise are well coordinated to meet the demands of individual PRA activities.
Privacy engineering investigation into the systematic integration of AI and the potential of
human-AI teaming for privacy threat modelling and impact assessments is in a nascent stage
(Mollaeefar et al., 2025; Bissoli et al., 2026; Lee et al., 2026; Lee, 2026). At present, there is
no comprehensive framework to guide the collaboration between human experts and AI agents
across PRA activities.
Our contributions are twofold. First, we develop a framework that specifies how human experts
and LLMs can work together across PRIAM activities, with the LLM generating initial
analyses from available evidence and the human expert interpreting, evaluating, directing
refinement, and exercising final judgment. Second, we demonstrate how a PRIAM activity
(such as data characterization) can be performed through this teaming framework in the context
of CBDC-based welfare delivery, illustrating the iterative interaction between the LLM and
human expert. Through this illustration, we show how LLM capabilities can augment, rather
than replace, human expertise in PRA activities while maintaining human oversight.
The rest of this paper is organised as follows: Section 2 describes a case study for CBDC-based
Welfare Scheme and its potential privacy risks; Section 3 proposes a human-LLM teaming
framework for the privacy risk analysis methodology PRIAM; Section 4 illustrates data
characterization, a PRIAM activity, using the human-LLM teaming framework for the CBDC-
based Welfare Scheme case study; Section 5 discusses related works; finally, Section 5
concludes with future directions.
2. Privacy Risks of CBDC-based Welfare Schemes
As a case study, we consider a welfare program targeting women, in which an eligible
beneficiary receives their annual payout in eRupee in their digital wallet and can spend it via
QR codes, transfer it to their bank account, or withdraw cash3. This welfare scheme would
involve various stakeholders, including the scheme administrator, government agencies
responsible for eligibility verification, banks and other payment intermediaries, the unique
identity infrastructure, digital service and application providers, and enrolment and verification
intermediaries. The digital infrastructure includes an application for identity verification and
scheme management; the corresponding backend database; a unique identity infrastructure for
identity verification; government databases and verification systems to validate eligibility and
beneficiary information; banking, direct benefit transfer, and CBDC infrastructure for the direct
transfer of eRupee to beneficiaries. When a beneficiary decides to spend the eRupee, the
transaction, its value, time, location, recipient, merchant, as well as the purpose of the
transaction, may be recorded. These transactions can be linked to beneficiary identities;
multiple transactions may be combined to create longitudinal profiles, and inferences can be
drawn from these profiles. Without appropriate privacy-preserving measures in place, these
profiles may be accessed by multiple stakeholders involved in the scheme, even if they do not
need to process this data, as well as by unauthorized parties who are not stakeholders in the
scheme. Ultimately, in the absence of appropriate data protection measures, these profiles may
potentially be used for purposes beyond the original welfare objective.
3. A Framework for Human-LLM Teaming for PRIAM
3.1 Human-LLM Complementarity in PRIAM
Despite PRIAM (De & Le Métayer, 2016) being a structured methodology, its application
requires human experts to perform a range of cognitively demanding activities. The first phase
of PRIAM involves an exhaustive process of gathering information about the data processing
activity in question from heterogeneous sources and identifying relevant entities, categories
and attributes. This phase, therefore, presents the challenge of not overlooking any information
that could significantly affect the risk assessment. The second phase, which is the risk
assessment phase, requires the generation of candidate risk scenarios in the form of harm trees,
reasoning about relationships between privacy weaknesses and risk sources on one hand and
feared events and harms on the other, assigning appropriate input likelihood values for a risk
source exploiting a privacy weakness and assigning appropriate severity values depending on
the impact level on a potential target group. These harm scenarios, along with severity and
likelihood assignments, must be evidence-based; without them, the reliability of the privacy
risk analysis process will be questionable. Thus, both phases require considerable information
processing and contextual judgment. LLMs can potentially contribute to activities that
necessitate broad information processing, synthesis, candidate scenario generation, and
exploration of alternative scenarios. On the other hand, human experts can contribute to the
evaluation of LLM outputs, providing feedback to refine outputs, judging the final output – all
based on their domain knowledge, contextual interpretation, and comprehension of stakeholder
perspectives - and ultimately remaining accountable for the results of the risk assessment. Thus,
human experts and LLMs can act as complementary team members, with the output of one
reviewed by the other for possible improvements, and the teamwork ultimately produces an


3
    Subhadra first govt scheme to offer digital rupee payment - The Times of India
outcome far superior to what either team member could have achieved on their own. An LLM
may generate a broad set of candidate privacy risks based on documents on CBDC and CBDC-
based welfare schemes from heterogeneous sources. Human analysts can eliminate implausible
risks, add risks that the LLM has overlooked, identify context-specific omissions, challenge
assumptions and evidence used by the LLM and provide additional assumptions. The refined
information can then be supplied to the LLM to explore additional risk pathways. Thus, LLM’s
ability to synthesize large volumes of information and human contextual knowledge can
operate as mutually reinforcing resources. In the remainder of this section, we discuss how
LLMs and human experts can serve as team members across different PRIAM activities.
3.2 Information Gathering
The first phase of PRIAM involves information gathering, which includes specifying the
attributes and categories of seven components – system, stakeholders, data, risk sources,
privacy weaknesses, feared events, and privacy harms. A corpus of documents comprising
scheme guidelines and official documentation, scheme FAQs, government circulars, RBI
CBDC-related documents, application privacy policy, terms and conditions, payment-related
documentation, etc., can serve as the knowledge base for an LLM. Based on this, the LLM can
perform different actions to characterize the system, stakeholders and data being processed as
well as identify potential privacy weaknesses, risk sources, feared events, and harms. For
example, it can extract functional specifications of the system, identify actors and supporting
assets, and reconstruct data flows to characterize the system. The resulting system
representation must then be validated by human experts to ensure its contextual accuracy and
completeness. The human role, therefore, is to review the system description and check
whether all parts of the system have been accurately mapped and whether enough documented
evidence exists to create this system description. Each activity may go through several
iterations, with LLMs continually refining their outputs based on human input. For example,
the LLM may generate a preliminary system specification. Based on this preliminary
specification, the human expert may provide input to the LLM on where the specification lacks
completeness and/or which parts may need to be revised due to inaccuracies and provide
accompanying documented evidence. The LLM may then generate a revised system
specification based on these inputs. Ultimately, the human expert’s judgement leads to the final
system specification. This final system specification is then used in subsequent activities that
depend on it, for example, privacy weakness identification.
To generalize, for each PRIAM activity, the LLM first produces a preliminary output by
analyzing, identifying, synthesizing, and reasoning over the documentary evidence available
to it. The human expert then interprets and evaluates the output for accuracy, consistency,
completeness, and sufficiency of evidence. Based on this evaluation, the human directs the
LLM to correct, extend, clarify, or further investigate the output where necessary. The LLM
subsequently refines the output in response to this direction, after which the human expert
conducts a further evaluation. This process may be repeated iteratively until the human expert
judges that the output is sufficiently accurate, complete, consistent, and evidence-supported to
be finalized and incorporated into later activities of the privacy risk analysis. Table 1 presents
the first set of LLM outputs for each PRIAM activity based on documented evidence. These
outputs are then interpreted and evaluated by the human expert, who then provides directions
to the LLM for refinement.
Table 1. Initial LLM Contributions for PRIAM Activities within the Information
Gathering Phase

 PRIAM activity      Initial LLM Contributions based on Documented Evidence
                     Extract functional specifications; identify actors; reconstruct data flows;
 System
                     summarize interfaces; identify supporting assets; generate system
 characterization
                     description (e.g., Data Flow Diagram)
 Stakeholder         Identify actors across documents; classify potential stakeholder roles;
 characterization    identify relationships
 Data                Identify data categories; extract attributes such as purpose, retention,
 characterization    visibility and sensitivity
 Risk         source Generate candidate risk sources; identify capabilities (e.g., access rights)
 identification      and potential motivations from documentation
 Privacy weakness Identify candidate weaknesses from the system specification and data
 identification      attributes.

 Feared        event Generate candidate feared events from privacy weaknesses and data
 identification      flows
 Privacy      Harm
                     Generate possible consequences and affected groups
 identification

3.3 Risk Assessment Phase
The risk assessment phase utilizes the outputs of the activities under the information gathering
phase to perform two further activities that include harm tree generation and risk level
assessment. Harm tree generation requires combining several risk sources, privacy weaknesses
and feared events to assess the likelihood of each privacy harm documented during the
information gathering phase. Thus, an LLM engages in relational and combinatorial
exploration to generate multiple harm trees, whereas the human expert evaluates the
plausibility of each branch within each tree, seeks evidence supporting each branch of the tree,
investigates whether a particular risk source is capable of exploiting a particular weakness in
practice and looks for missing, redundant or alternative nodes. Based on this evaluation, the
human expert provides directions for refinement to the LLM and, based on the subsequent
LLM output, judges whether the output is sufficiently accurate, complete, consistent, and
evidence-supported to be finalized and used for risk level assessment. The LLM generates an
evidence-grounded preliminary risk assessment and applies the prescribed risk-computation
rules, while the human evaluates the evidence, assumptions, scoring, and resulting risk level
and exercises final judgment. Based on the final harm tree for a given harm, the LLM assigns
evidence-based likelihood values of risk sources exploiting a privacy weakness. The human
experts evaluate these assignments and requests for LLM-based refinements. Finally, the LLM
computes the likelihood of the harm based on the final likelihood assignments. The LLM also
assigns preliminary severity values for each harm based on evidence about the target group it
affects and the extent of the impact. The human expert may then request an LLM-based
refinement of the severity values to arrive at the final severity value for each harm. The final
judgement about the assigned risk (likelihood and severity) lies with the human expert.
4. Illustration using CBDC-based Welfare Schemes
In this section, we illustrate the human-LLM PRIAM activity data characterization using the
hypothetical case study of CBDC-based Welfare Scheme discussed in Section 2. Based on
available documentation of this women's welfare scheme from various sources, such as
government websites, an LLM may identify the categories of data being processed and their
attributes, such as sensitivity, volume, origin, purpose, and retention, as specified in PRIAM.
The first set of LLM outputs for data categories and attributes is shown in Tables 2 and 3.
Evaluating these outputs, the human expert might request that the LLM provide the basis for
classifying transaction data as high-sensitivity and ask it to distinguish individual transaction
data from transaction history. Based on this input, the LLM provides the justification that a
transaction record combining transaction value, location, recipient, merchant, and purpose can
reveal information about an individual's economic circumstances and behaviour; hence,
transaction records are sensitive in nature. It may also add transaction history that combines
several transaction records for a beneficiary as a separate data category.
It will also show that the duration of retention cannot be established from available evidence.
So, the LLM extracts data categories, assigns preliminary values to data attributes based on the
evidence identified, and distinguishes documented facts from its inferences and unknowns. On
the other hand, the human expert interprets the LLM’s preliminary output, checks for accuracy
and completeness, challenges unsupported attribute values, identifies missing information, and
directs refinement. Consequently, the LLM reassesses the attribute values, retrieves, organizes
and presents supporting evidence, revises characterization and flags unresolved gaps.
Ultimately, the human expert finalizes the outputs of the data characterization activity.

Table 2. Initial LLM Output for Data Categorization
  Data category              Examples                             Source/basis
 Beneficiary       Name,                  unique Identity verification and beneficiary
 identity data     identity/identifier             identification are needed for the welfare
                                                   scheme to function
 Eligibility data Eligibility status, scheme- Government databases and verification
                   related information             systems operate together to verify
                                                   beneficiary eligibility for the scheme
 Payment data Bank account details                 Benefits are transferred to the bank
                                                   account for transfer/withdrawal
 Transaction       Transaction value, date/time, Welfare scheme documents specify the
 data              location, recipient, merchant, fields for each transaction record
                   purpose
 Behavioral        Economic        circumstances, Possible inference from transaction
 profile           behavioural           patterns, records
                   consumption profile
Table 3. Initial LLM Output for Data Attributes
 Data category      Sensitivity   Volume         Origin           Purpose        Retention     Visibility         Intervenability
 Beneficiary        High          One record     Explicit         Identify and   Not           Scheme             Unknown
 identification                   per            disclosure by    verify the     established   administrator,
 data                             beneficiary    beneficiary/     beneficiary                  verification
                                                 identity                                      agencies,
                                                 infrastructure                                identity
                                                                                               infrastructure;
                                                                                               exact visibility
                                                                                               unknown
 Eligibility data   High          One record     Government       Determine      Not           Scheme             Unknown
                                  per            databases/       eligibility    established   administrator,
                                  beneficiary    verification     and validate                 eligibility-
                                                 process          beneficiary                  verification
                                                                  information                  actors; exact
                                                                                               visibility
                                                                                               unknown
 Payment data       High          Many over      Created          Transfer       Not           CBDC/payment       Unknown
                                  payment        /processed by    and            established   actors,
                                  lifecycle      CBDC             administer                   potentially
                                                 /payment         welfare                      scheme
                                                 infrastructure   payment                      administrator;
                                                                                               exact visibility
                                                                                               unknown
 Transaction        High          Many           Created by       Execute and    Not           Potentially        Unknown
 data                             transactions   transaction      record         established   multiple
                                                 processing;      transactions                 scheme/paymen
                                                 some                                          t stakeholders;
                                                 attributes                                    exact visibility
                                                 supplied by                                   unknown
                                                 beneficiary
                                                 /merchant
 Behavioral         High          One            Created by       Potentially    Not           Actors able to     Unknown
 profile                          evolving       inference        used for       established   access the
                                  profile per    from             profiling or                 derived profile
                                  beneficiary    transaction      other                        or underlying
                                                 history          purposes                     data; exact
                                                                                               visibility
                                                                                               unknown


5. Related Works
With the emergence of Large Language Models (LLMs), there has been an increasing focus on
human-AI teaming, in which humans and AI are not separate actors but interdependent
contributors who collaborate by complementing their strengths and compensating for their
weaknesses (Baruwal Chhetri et al., 2024). LLMs can serve as flexible, on-demand cognitive
aids that augment, rather than replace, human experts (Singh et al., 2025). Human-AI
collaborative effort combining human intuition, contextual knowledge together with the
computational capabilities and data processing power of AI may support in navigating complex
situations (Albanese et al., 2025) and improve task performance (Tariq et al., 2025). Thus,
rather than viewing AI as a replacement for human experts, AI can be envisioned as a
teammate, and the value of collaboration depends on effective task allocation and integration
of complementary capabilities (Kumar et al., 2026).
A Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) is a process for examining the privacy implications of
potentially privacy-invasive systems or services that process personal data (De & Le Metayer,
2016; Oetzel & Spiekermann, 2014). It is an inherently multidisciplinary activity requiring
legal interpretation, technical analysis, domain-specific knowledge and stakeholder
engagement. Consequently, PIAs present an ideal application area for human-AI teaming
where AI can support knowledge-intensive tasks and human experts bring in contextual
reasoning, regulatory judgment and accountability. Recent research has demonstrated that AI
can effectively support individual privacy engineering tasks, including automated generation
of Data Flow Diagrams (DFDs), preparation of structured threat models and attack trees and
privacy risk categorisation (Zelenskiy & Sadovykh, 2025; Mollaeefar et al., 2025). However,
these enhancements may lack the depth and reliability of traditional human expert driven
privacy engineering activities (Zelenskiy & Sadovykh, 2025; Mollaeefar et al., 2025; Bissoli
et al., 2026). The literature on human-AI collaboration for PIAs is in its nascent state. Privy,
proposed by Lee et al. (2026) is a human-AI system that assists designers to envision and
mitigate privacy risks in AI products and has led to further investigation on the broader role of
human-AI teaming for privacy risk identification for AI-based products (Lee, 2026). These
works are limited to envisioning privacy risks for AI products without any attempts to develop
broader, comprehensive human-AI collaborative frameworks for PIAs. Many practical
challenges that could emerge in human-AI collaborative PIAs also remain unresolved. These
include identifying human-AI complementarity across PIA steps and orchestrating the
collaborative workflow. Several PIA use cases involving potentially privacy-invasive
applications and services have been discussed in the literature - fitness tracking services, online
social networks, and contact tracing solutions (De & Le Metayer, 2022; De & Imine, 2020;
Mollaeefar et al., 2025). Emerging domains, such as central bank digital currencies and their
applications in welfare delivery, have received little attention from a PIA perspective, despite
them potentially leading to novel privacy harms. These gaps call for further systematic research
to develop a human-AI collaboration framework for PIAs, particularly in application domains
that have received less attention in privacy risk assessment.

6. Conclusion and Future Work
In this paper, we propose a human–LLM teaming framework for the privacy risk analysis
methodology PRIAM, specifying the task allocations for LLMs and human experts based on
an integration of their complementary capabilities. The framework uses an LLM as an
analytical resource, generating initial outputs for each activity through large-scale information
extraction, synthesis, reasoning, and exploration. On the other hand, the framework uses human
expertise to interpret and evaluate these outputs for their accuracy, assumptions, completeness,
and supporting evidence, to direct refinements, and to retain final judgement about the output.
We illustrate the framework on the data characterization activity of PRIAM for a CBDC-based
welfare scheme use case. This illustration demonstrates how the LLM generates initial outputs
on data categorization and assigns values for various attributes of each data category and how
the human expert, based on this initial output, suggests refinements. This iterative approach of
output generation and refinement can sharpen the output with appropriate evidence-based
justification and identify unresolved gaps. The proposed framework can thus extend the depth
and efficiency of the PRA, as LLMs synthesize large volumes of information sources more
efficiently than humans, and human experts offer critical contextual evaluations and repeated
feedback for refinements beyond LLM capabilities. While this work provides the foundation
for human-LLM teaming for privacy risk analysis, future work can illustrate the proposed
framework across all PRIAM activities and empirically examine whether and how the
performance of human-LLM teams compares with human expert-only privacy risk analysis.

References
   1. Albanese, M., Ou, X., Lybarger, K., Lende, D., Goldgof, D., Faisal, F. A., ... & Ghosh,
      A. (2025). Towards ai-driven human-machine co-teaming for adaptive and agile cyber
      security operation centers. ACM Transactions on Internet Technology.
   2. Baruwal Chhetri, M., Tariq, S., Singh, R., Jalalvand, F., Paris, C., & Nepal, S. (2024).
      Towards human-AI teaming to mitigate alert fatigue in security operations centres.
      ACM Transactions on Internet Technology, 24(3), 1-22.
   3. Bissoli, A., Mollaeefar, M., Van Landuyt, D., & Ranise, S. (2026). Benchmarking the
      effectiveness of multi-agent LLMs in collaborative privacy threat modeling with
      LINDDUN GO. Journal of Information Security and Applications, 100, 104489.
   4. De, S. J. & Le Métayer, D. (2016). Privacy Risk Analysis. Morgan & Claypool
      Publishers.
   5. De, S. J., & Imine, A. (2020). Privacy risk analysis of online social networks. Morgan
      & Claypool Publishers.
   6. De, S. J. & Le Métayer, D. (2016). PRIAM: a Privacy Risk Analysis Methodology.
      In Data Privacy Management and Security Assurance. Springer.
   7. Evertz, J., Chlosta, M., Schönherr, L., & Eisenhofer, T. (2024). Whispers in the
      machine: Confidentiality in llm-integrated systems. arXiv preprint arXiv:2402.06922.
   8. Huang, Y., Song, J., Wang, Z., Zhao, S., Chen, H., Juefei-Xu, F., & Ma, L. (2025).
       Look before you leap: An exploratory study of uncertainty analysis for large language
       models. IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, 51(2), 413-429.
   9. Kumar, M., Rani, R., Epiphaniou, G., & Maple, C. (2026). Adaptive Trust-Aware SOC
       Human–AI Teaming for resilient operations. Computers & Security, 104971.
   10. Lee, H. P. H. (2026). Envisioning and Mitigating Privacy Risks for {Consumer-
       Facing}{AI} Product Concepts through {Human-AI} Teaming. In PEPR 2026:
       USENIX Conference on Privacy Engineering Practice and Respect.
   11. Lee, H. P., Yang, Y. J., Bilik, M., Krsek, I., Von Davier, T. S., Monteiro, K., ... & Das,
       S. (2026, April). Privy: Envisioning and mitigating privacy risks for consumer-facing
       ai product concepts. In Proceedings of the 2026 CHI Conference on Human Factors in
       Computing Systems (pp. 1-30).
   12. Mollaeefar, M., Bissoli, A., Van Landuyt, D., & Ranise, S. (2025, June). PILLAR:
       LINDDUN Privacy Threat Modeling Using LLMs. In 2025 IEEE European Symposium
       on Security and Privacy Workshops (EuroS&PW) (pp. 278-286). IEEE.
   13. Oetzel, M. C., & Spiekermann, S. (2014). A systematic methodology for privacy impact
       assessments: a design science approach. European Journal of Information Systems,
       23(2), 126-150.
   14. Singh, R., Tariq, S., Jalalvand, F., Chhetri, M. B., Nepal, S., Paris, C., & Lochner, M.
    (2026, May). Llms in the soc: An empirical study of human-ai collaboration in security
    operations centres. In 2026 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP) (pp. 4262-
    4281). IEEE.
15. Shi, X., Liu, J., Liu, Y., Cheng, Q., & Lu, W. (2025). Know where to go: Make LLM a
    relevant, responsible, and trustworthy searchers. Decision Support Systems, 188,
    114354.
16. Tariq, S., Chhetri, M. B., Nepal, S., & Paris, C. (2025). A2C: A modular multi-stage
    collaborative decision framework for human–AI teams. Expert systems with
    applications, 282, 127318.
17. Wang, Y., Cai, C., Xiao, Z., & Lam, P. E. (2025). LLM access shield: domain-Specific
    LLM framework for privacy policy compliance. arXiv preprint arXiv:2505.17145.
18. Xia, Y., Kong, F., Yu, T., Guo, L., Rossi, R. A., Kim, S., & Li, S. (2024, May). Which
    llm to play? convergence-aware online model selection with time-increasing bandits.
    In Proceedings of the ACM Web Conference 2024 (pp. 4059-4070).
19. Zelenskiy, L., & Sadovykh, A. (2025). Automating Cybersecurity Threat Analysis with
    LLMs. ACM SIGAda Ada Letters, 45(2), 88-92.
